---
title: "Project Proposal"
weight: 2
author: "Group A"
---
## Dynamic Microclimate & Thermal Routing

---
### Problem Statement

Sustained exposure to direct solar radiation poses increasingly severe health risks for pedestrians, such as cancer inducing elevated UV radiation and heatstroke. Dense city environments, climate change, and the Urban Heat Island (UHI) effect have made these risks much worse in recent years. The UHI is a phenomenon in which geometric infrastructure, including asphalt roads and the concrete buildings that surround them, absorbs and holds heat generated by human activities and the sun, significantly raising local temperatures. In these increasingly frequent microclimates, pedestrians require heavily shaded walkable paths, prioritizing safety and thermal comfort over the quickest route. 

Despite this growing need for shade-optimized routing, modern navigation services do not incorporate this data into route computations. As navigation services are inherently built to benefit vehicles, pedestrian comfort and needs are often overlooked. Currently, the public has no access to pedestrian-tailored navigation applications based on shaded paths.

### Vision

We are building a web-based 2D navigation platform that dynamically responds to real world data and puts pedestrian thermal safety ahead of traditional distance-only routing. This technology is different from the existing navigation systems since it does not consider just the shortest possible route or duration required to reach a destination but also takes into consideration factors like position of the sun, nearby buildings, weather conditions, and shading. By incorporating route optimization technologies, the proposed system can suggest pathways that offer less exposure to direct sunlight, thereby decreasing the likelihood of health problems related to extreme weather conditions.


<!--
undisplayed table
---

| Safe Streets by Default | Sun-Safe by Default | Shade-Aware Cities |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------- |
| A city where any pedestrian instantly gets a route that minimizes heat exposure - making heatstroke preventable, not inevitable. | A world where protecting your skin requires no schedule change just a smarter route, making sun-safe commuting an effortless daily habit. | A tool that guides today's pedestrians while feeding long-term thermal insights back to planners-making shade-aware design standard in future urban development. |

---

-->


### Specific Objectives

#### 1. Integration of both Urban geometric and Meteorological Data
* **1.1** - Create a python or java script to use as a robust data ingestion pipeline to pull and process 3D building geometric data from the MLIT project PLATEAU data source, specifically we will use the data regarding Ibaraki city.
* **1.2** - Use user defined departure times and the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) weather and solar angle APIs to determine exact solar conditions for the specified time.
* **1.3** - Develop an algorithmic system that estimates street-level shadow areas by projecting solar trajectory data against 3D models of the buildings taking their heights into account.

#### 2. Routing Prediction Architecture based on the time of departure
* **2.1** - Model the pedestrian roadways and intersections which are represented as a weighted graph around the Ritsumeikan OIC campus.
* **2.2** - Develop a thermal routing algorithm which prioritizes paths with a higher number of shaded transit nodes over the absolute shortest distance, optimized specifically for the user's inputted departure time and speed to shade ratio preference.
* **2.3** - Use predictive time-stepping logic for mapping how shadows change along the path over time as the user is moving towards their destination.

#### 3. 2D Thermal Visualization and User Interface
* **3.1** - Build an interactive web-based 2D environment to render the microclimate data of the urban area around Ibaraki.
* **3.2** - Design a clean and simple user interface system that uses nature toned colours and fonts to clearly visualize complex heat zones so that the user can easily use the software without standard weather-radar clutter.
* **3.3** - Add an interactive Ul time slider module which allows users to see and track how shadows change between morning and late afternoon hours, and alternate route suggestions.

#### 4. Project Validation and Smart City Utility
* **4.1** - Test the algorithm's efficiency by simulating and comparing normal shortest commuting routes with newly generated "Shaded Cool Routes" in real summer scenarios, for example, walking from Ibaraki Station to the university campus.
* **4.2** - Present a finalized and functional prototype that demonstrates a measurable reduction in heat exposure for users by using a simulation, providing an extensible model to be used for mitigation of the Urban Island Effect.